c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\VideothequeProjet.dll.config
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\VideothequeProjet.dll
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\VideothequeProjet.pdb
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\fr\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\fr\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\fr\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\fr\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\fr\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\fr\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\fr\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\bin\fr\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\obj\Debug\VideothequeProjet.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\obj\Debug\VideothequeProjet.dll
c:\users\maison\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VideothequeProjet\VideothequeProjet\obj\Debug\VideothequeProjet.pdb
